Add info to metadata page (#240)
AssessingSolar/solarstations: docs/station_metadata.md

A station that started operating in 2013 which does not have data for 2014 and 2017, but is still active would have a time period entry of: `2013&2015-2016&2018-`. For BSRN stations the time period should be identified based on the available data, which can be seen [here](https://dataportals.pangaea.de/bsrn/). In case it is unknown if a station is still in operation, a question mark is added at the end of the time period, e.g., `2012-?`.

## Instruments and components

> Metadata concerning the instrumentation and which components are measured is highly useful when determining if a station is of interest for a particular study. The instrument column denotes whether irradiance is measured using traditional thermopile instruments or using special instruments (such as SPN1 or rotating shadowband pyranometers (RSR or RSI). In the components column, the measured components are denoted by one or more letters separated by semicolons. An example could be `G;B;D;UV;IR` (the order of components should be given as in the example). Where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata concerning the instrumentation and which components are measured is highly useful when determining if a station is of interest for a particular study. The instrumentation column denotes the type of instruments deployed at a site, from which the measured components can be derived. The possible components are:
* Global horizontal irradiance (GHI)
* Direct normal irradiance (DNI)
* Direct horizontal irradiance (DHI)
* Ultraviolet irradiance (UV)
* Longwave downwelling irradiance (LWD)
* Photosynthetic active radiation (PAR)

The following instrument options are available:
```

## Instruments and components
Metadata concerning the instrumentation and which components are measured is highly useful when determining if a station is of interest for a particular study. The instrumentation column denotes the type of instruments deployed at a site, from which the measured components can be derived. The possible components are:
* Global horizontal irradiance (GHI)
* Direct normal irradiance (DNI)
* Direct horizontal irradiance (DHI)
* Ultraviolet irradiance (UV)
* Longwave downwelling irradiance (LWD)
* Photosynthetic active radiation (PAR)

The following instrument options are available:
| Instrumentation | Description | Components measured |
|---|---|---|
| `G` | Unshaded thermopile pyranometer | GHI |
| `B` | Thermopile pyrheliometer mounted on a solar tracker | DNI |
| `D` | Shaded thermopile pyranometer mounted on a solar tracker | DHI |
| `Ds` | Thermopile pyranometer shaded by a shadowring | DHI |
| `IR` | Pyrgeometer| LWD |

> | `UV/UVA/UVB` | UV radiometer | UV |
> | `PAR` | Radiometer sensitive to photoactive radiation (PAR) | PAR |
> | `SPN1` | Multi-sensor pyranometer from Delta-T | GHI/DNI/DHI |
> | `RSR/RSI/RSP` | Rotating shadowband radiometer/pyranometer | GHI/DNI/DHI |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `UV`/`UVA`/`UVB` | UV radiometer | UV |
| `PAR` | Radiometer sensitive to photoactive radiation (PAR) | PAR |
| `SPN1` | Multi-sensor pyranometer from Delta-T | GHI/DNI/DHI |
| `RSR`/`RSI`/`RSP` | Rotating shadowband radiometer/pyranometer | GHI/DNI/DHI |
```
